how often you'll have to move is really dependent on what kind of job
you d'oh! Um, you know, in the community that I've been in, I've seen
individuals do their entire career here in San Diego. They've just
moved from one duty station to the next. But because of the community
being the E o. D community, there's several E O. D mobile units here
in San Diego. There's also Sir Ah, training unit, which is considered
the shore duty for you D folks here in San Diego. So I've seen
people do an entire 20 years and lived in San Diego their entire time.
They've just moved around from one mobile unit to another. Ah, whereas
depending upon other jobs, you might find yourself having to
move from one coast to the next or even overseas. It just really is
dependent on the job that you do and what your duty is and where you're
at progressing in your career ladder